Class Diagram:

	Class diagrams are the most common diagrams used in UML. 
	Class diagram consists of classes, interfaces, associations, and collaboration. 	
	Class diagrams basically represent the object-oriented view of a system, which is static in nature.
	
	
Activity Diagram

	Activity diagram describes the flow of control in a system. 
	It consists of activities and links. 
	The flow can be sequential, concurrent, or branched.
	Activities are nothing but the functions of a system.
	Numbers of activity diagrams are prepared to capture the entire flow in a system.
	Activity diagrams are used to visualize the flow of controls in a system. 
	This is prepared to have an idea of how the system will work when executed.

Sequence Diagram

	A sequence diagram is an interaction diagram. 
	From the name, it is clear that the diagram deals with some sequences, which are the sequence of messages flowing from one object to another.
	Interaction among the components of a system is very important from implementation and execution perspective. 
	Sequence diagram is used to visualize the sequence of calls in a system to perform a specific functionality.

Statechart Diagram

	Any real-time system is expected to be reacted by some kind of internal/external events. 
	These events are responsible for state change of the system.
	Statechart diagram is used to represent the event driven state change of a system.
	It basically describes the state change of a class, interface, etc.
	State chart diagram is used to visualize the reaction of a system by internal/external factors.

Object Diagram

	Object diagrams can be described as an instance of class diagram. 
	Thus, these diagrams are more close to real-life scenarios where we implement a system.
	Object diagrams are a set of objects and their relationship is just like class diagrams.
	They also represent the static view of the system.
	The usage of object diagrams is similar to class diagrams but they are used to build prototype of a system from a practical perspective.
	
	
Use Case Diagram

	Use case diagrams are a set of use cases, actors, and their relationships.
	They represent the use case view of a system.	
	A use case represents a particular functionality of a system.
	Hence, use case diagram is used to describe the relationships among the functionalities and their internal/external controllers.
	These controllers are known as actors.
